[website] Matheus Wichman joins Material-UI (#25590)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/pages/blog/matheus-wichman-joining.md

---
title: Matheus Wichman joins Material-UI
description: We are excited to share that Matheus Wichman has joined Material-UI.
date: 2021-04-05T00:00:00.000Z
authors: ['oliviertassinari']
card: true
---

We are excited to share that [Matheus Wichman](https://github.com/m4theushw) has joined Material-UI.

> He has started a couple of days ago full-time and is now part of the advanced components team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He started a couple of days ago full-time, and is part of the advanced components team.
```

Before joining Material-UI, Matheus worked as a software engineer at a consulting agency in Brazil.

> He has spent the last three years focusing on React and the frontend world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He has spent the last three years focusing on React and the frontend world –
```

> His last project was for a financial institution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
his last project was for a financial institution.
```

"his last project was for a financial institution, where he [fill in the blank].
```
"

Reviewer 2: @oliviertassinari I can update this one

Author: @m4theushw Please do 👍

> Matheus is passionate about software development, so much that he started his career very early on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matheus is passionate about software development, so much so that he started his career very early on.
```
", doing X, at age Y."

Reviewer 2: @oliviertassinari I can update this one

Author: @m4theushw feel free too

> I was impressed by his capability to quickly jump into an unknown codebase and reverse entropy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We were impressed by his capability to quickly jump into an unknown codebase and reverse entropy.
```

"reverse entropy" please translate

Author: As opposed to solving one issue on the surface and creating 3 others.

Author: ```suggestion
We were impressed by his capability to quickly jump into an unknown codebase and solve problems at their root.
```

> In a couple of days, he has managed to report and fix bugs, both in the design system repository (_mui-org/material-ui_) and in the advanced components repository (_mui-org/material-ui-x_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a couple of days, he has managed to report and fix bugs, both in the core components (_mui-org/material-ui_) and in the advanced components repository (_mui-org/material-ui-x_).
```

(We don't have a design system)

> While I can't predict the future, Matheus will initially help us deliver the planned breaking changes of Material-UI v5, increase the pace of the date range picker, and push the data grid forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While we can't predict the future, Matheus will initially help us deliver the planned breaking changes of Material-UI v5, increase the pace of development of the date range picker, and push the data grid forward.
```

Matheus is the first of a series of 5 new positions we have recently opened and almost all filled.

> We will cross the 10 people milestone in the coming weeks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will cross the 10 person milestone in the coming weeks.
```

> We have open these positions to keep up with the growth of our revenues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have opened these positions as our revenue growth allows.
```

> At the current pace (+7%/week), we will soon open new positions.

Author: ```suggestion
At the current pace (+4%/week), we will soon open new positions.
```

> At the current pace (+4%/week), we will soon open new positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the current pace, we will soon open new positions.
```
(Leaky)

> You can [follow us](https://twitter.com/MaterialUI) on Twitter to be notified of the upcoming positions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can [follow us on Twitter](https://twitter.com/MaterialUI) to hear about upcoming positions.
```

These new roles will help accelerate our mission, strengthen our existing offering, and initiate a new vertical.

> We couldn’t be more excited to have him on the team!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We couldn’t be more excited to have Matheus on the team!
```

He started a couple of days ago full-time, and is part of the advanced components team.

Before joining Material-UI, Matheus worked as a software engineer at a consulting agency in Brazil.
He has spent the last three years focusing on React and the frontend world - his last project was for a payment processing company, where he created a design system based on Material-UI and developed new components for enterprise applications.

> Matheus is passionate about software development, so much so that he started his career very early on, coding in PHP and JavaScript, at age 14.

Author: Started sooner than me 😆. I only got to it at 15 😛
